How did viewing a diff between two versions help you spot the bug?

It helped because the command prompt pulled up exactly where the code differed
so it was easier to see a concise picture of where the code changed to more
efficiently find the error.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

Being able to look back at previous versions helps you get some context on
the changes being made to the file and understand how it has changed and what
has been worked on and in what order.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
Docs does?

The pros are that you can manually save the code when you feel that you have
made a large enough change to warrant it, but on the other hand if you forget to
save your changes then there is no automatic backup to fall back on if your
computer crashes or something else happens.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Git allows you to save multiple files in one commit because while coding you
are more likely to have multiple files that depend on each other to execute but
google docs is more concerned with processing so you don't need to have multiple
documents linked together in most cases.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

You can use git log to show all the commits and then using the IDs displayed
next to the commits you can compare two versions of the file with git diff and
it will show you all of the places where the code differs.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

You can code a lot more freely and make changes since it easier to roll back
your code to previous versions if you do break something.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

I want to use Git to store my files across multiple computers so that I can
easily access them while I'm working on a project.
